# PyBer_Analysis

## Overview 
The purpose was to create a snapshot of ride and city data to understand the big picture. A summary dataframe and line graph were used to perform analysis. 

## PyBer Summary 
  The summary was based on the following values: total rides, total drivers, total fares, average fare per ride, and average fare per driver. These calculations were made by city types: rural, urban, and suburban. Firstly, it can be seen that urban cities have the most rides, drivers, and total fares, however, urban averages are the lowest when compared to rural and suburban cities. Secondly, rural cities have the lowest drivers, rides, and fares, even though they have the highest averages. This shows that as a rural city rideshare is more in demand, thus the average values are always higher as opposed to urban cities where it is more common. Lastly, suburban cities have the medium range values in all categories and are more balanced. In conclusion, this summary shows the total values and averages to indicate the use of rideshare in different types of cities. This dataframe can be used to measure and keep account of all necessary values forthe benefit of PyBer.  
  
  ## Total Fares by City Type Line Graph
  This multiple line graph focuses on total fares data for city type. The total fares was calculated by creating multiple dataframes in order to filter the data by months and then, by weeks. The result was filtered data from January 2019 to April 2019 and by weeks. Total fares was added by city type and date. The graphs shows that all three city types had an increase in total fares towards the end of February. Although, that is not the only increase, each line graph follows its own increase and decrease pattern. Also, since the graph shows total fares, it is a indicator of how well the company performed in a 4 month span. Urban cities have the highest total fares, followed by suburban cities and then, rural cities having the least. This shows a snapshot of company success based on city types which can play a big part in increasing or removing drivers per city. For example, if more demand is in urban and suburban cities, it is a good idea to provide more attention there. In conclusion, PyBer data was separated by city type so performance can be tracked accoridngly. For this multiple line graph, it was important to analyze total fares to measure the success of the services in a span of 4 months. This data can be used for comparison purposes moving forward and when analyzing new rideshare data. 
